CA1501: Add configurability for exclude_structs (#21921)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/code-analysis/quality-rules/ca1051.md

- In ASP.NET Web Forms content controls.
- When the target platform makes use of `ref` to modify fields, such as model-view-viewmodel (MVVM) frameworks for WPF and UWP.

## Include or exclude APIs

This rule has options that let you configure which parts of your codebase to run the rule on. The options can be configured for just this rule, for all rules, or for all rules in this category (Design). For more information, see [Code quality rule configuration options](../code-quality-rule-options.md).

> 
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> ## Configurability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Include or exclude APIs
```

> This rule has the following options that can be configured for just this rule, for all rules, or for all rules in this category (Design). For more information, see [Code quality rule configuration options](../code-quality-rule-options.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule has options that let you configure which parts of your codebase to run the rule on. The options can be configured for just this rule, for all rules, or for all rules in this category (Design). For more information, see [Code quality rule configuration options](../code-quality-rule-options.md).
```

> This rule has the following configurable options that can be configured for just this rule, for all rules, or for all rules in this category (Design). For more information, see [Code quality rule configuration options](../code-quality-rule-options.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule has the following options that can be configured for just this rule, for all rules, or for all rules in this category (Design). For more information, see [Code quality rule configuration options](../code-quality-rule-options.md).
```

> ### Include or exclude selected APIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Use the following options to configure which parts of your codebase to run this rule on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - [Include specific API surfaces](#include-specific-api-surfaces)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Include specific API surfaces](#include-specific-api-surfaces)
- [Exclude structs](#exclude-structs)
```

> #### Include specific API surfaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Include specific API surfaces
```

You can configure which parts of your codebase to run this rule on, based on their accessibility. For example, to specify that the rule should run only against the non-public API surface, add the following key-value pair to an *.editorconfig* file in your project:

```ini
dotnet_code_quality.ca1051.api_surface = private, internal
```

> ### Exclude structs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Exclude structs
```

> You can configure whether non-private `struct` (`Structure` in Visual Basic) fields should be analyzed.

Reviewer 2: Nit:
```suggestion
You can exclude `struct` (`Structure` in Visual Basic) fields from being analyzed.
```

@gewarren probably has a better wording suggestion.
